add additional argument BYTE|BIT to BITCOUNT and BITPOS (#1644)
redis/redis-doc: commands/bitpos.md

The same bit position convention is followed by `GETBIT` and `SETBIT`.

By default, all the bytes contained in the string are examined.

> It is possible to look for bits only in a specified interval passing the additional arguments _start_ and _end_ (it is possible to just pass _start_, the operation will assume that the end is the last byte of the string. However there are semantic differences as explained later). By default the range is interpreted as a range of bytes and not a range of bits, so `start=0` and `end=2` means to look at the first three bytes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is possible to look for bits only in a specified interval passing the additional arguments _start_ and _end_ (it is possible to just pass _start_, the operation will assume that the end is the last byte of the string. However there are semantic differences as explained later). By default, the range is interpreted as a range of bytes and not a range of bits, so `start=0` and `end=2` means to look at the first three bytes.
```

Reviewer 2: Line break every sentense (after `.`).

> You can use the addition argument `BIT` to specify the range should be interpreted as a range of bits.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the optional `BIT` modifier to specify that the range should be interpreted as a range of bits.
```

By default, all the bytes contained in the string are examined.
It is possible to look for bits only in a specified interval passing the additional arguments _start_ and _end_ (it is possible to just pass _start_, the operation will assume that the end is the last byte of the string. However there are semantic differences as explained later). The range is interpreted as a range of bytes and not a range of bits, so `start=0` and `end=2` means to look at the first three bytes.

> You can use an addition argument `BIT` to specify the range is interpreted as a range of bits. so `start=0` and `end=2` means to look at the first three bits.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can use an addition argument `BIT` to specify the range is interpreted as a range of bits.
So `start=0` and `end=2` means to look at the first three bits.
```

By default, all the bytes contained in the string are examined.

> It is possible to look for bits only in a specified interval passing the additional arguments _start_ and _end_ (it is possible to just pass _start_, the operation will assume that the end is the last byte of the string. However there are semantic differences as explained later). The range is interpreted as a range of bytes and not a range of bits, so `start=0` and `end=2` means to look at the first three bytes.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
It is possible to look for bits only in a specified interval passing the additional arguments _start_ and _end_ (it is possible to just pass _start_, the operation will assume that the end is the last byte of the string. However there are semantic differences as explained later). By default the range is interpreted as a range of bytes and not a range of bits, so `start=0` and `end=2` means to look at the first three bytes.
```

> You can use an addition argument `BIT` to specify the range is interpreted as a range of bits.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
You can use the addition argument `BIT` to specify the range should be interpreted as a range of bits.
```

So `start=0` and `end=2` means to look at the first three bits.

Note that bit positions are returned always as absolute values starting from bit zero even when _start_ and _end_ are used to specify a range.

Like for the `GETRANGE` command start and end can contain negative values in
order to index bytes starting from the end of the string, where -1 is the last

> byte, -2 is the penultimate, and so forth. When specify `BIT`, -1 is the last

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
byte, -2 is the penultimate, and so forth. When `BIT` is specified, -1 is the last
```
